Project 4 Reflection: Jacob Joseph

   For my final project, I decided to use a general sports data API to create a League Lookup Page. 
   I planned for this app to include a search bar for the user to look up their desired league, 
   clickable cards for each team in the league that would show team data, and a button that displays 
   the last 15 events of the searched league. Overall, I felt this project went really well for me as 
   I was able to successfully produce the three functionalities of my website, but this did not come 
   without a few issues. 
    The first issue I ran into was grabbing a list of all leagues from the API. This is because I 
    previously only knew how to grab the API data using parameters (this grab did not require a parameter). 
    I solved this by researching on Mozilla and found a decent way to import all the JSON I needed to start my search bar.
    The second issue I had was error handling. The most obvious error I needed to address was letting 
    the user know if a league they searched could not be found in the database. I achieve this error 
    checking by looking to see if the searched league and raising an alert if it could not be found. 
    Another error relating to the initial search, is if the user types in lower case letter for a league 
    acronym (ex.  NFL vs nfl). This was fixed by checking to see if the user entry was shorter than 5 characters 
    and uppercasing them if this is true. The next error I needed to address was if the user wanted to use keys to 
    search/escape the inner div without clicking. I fixed this by adding event listeners to the enter key (for searching) 
    and escape key (for exiting div). The final major error I encountered was teams that had large descriptions that could 
    not fit the inner page. I fixed this by adding an overflow: scroll; to my CSS which allowed the user to scroll through 
    data rather than trying to fit it into the div.
    The largest issue I had was filling in the gaps of the data in the API. Unfortunately, the database for the API did 
    not have all of the data I needed for some of the league in the database. For example, some leagues had events but 
    did not have event scores, some individual teams were missing data like their shortened names and second pictures. 
    Although I could not catch all the holes in the data, I fixed some issues like replacing missing pictures with a trophy 
    icon and replacing missing shortened names with the first three letters of the team’s name. I recommend looking up the 
    Swedish Hockey League to see how I handled this issue.
    Moving forward, I will look to build upon this project. This will come in the form of adding more features 
    that allow the users to play with the data and looking for creative ways to handle missing data. I had a great time with 
    this project and will use my new API skills in my future projects and hopefully in the professional world. Thank you for 
    a great semester!
